Hey, everybody, welcome back to Boost
Your Income with Bootstrap to WordPress.
In this lecture we're going to be coding
the sign up section at the very bottom of
the page.
[MUSIC]
Okay guys, and now in this lecture,
we're gonna be coding this
sign up section down here.
You can see that it has a little bit
of a parallax effect with all these
cool little hipster items.
And some leading text with the sign
up button where you can click and
it will take you somewhere.
And in this case it
doesn't go anywhere but
that doesn't matter right now it's
just about what it looks like.
So slip into our code editor and then
in your HTML scroll down to the sign-up
section and as usual,
let's get coding, id, sign up.
And if you remember If you want
yourself a parallax background,
you'll need to add a couple extra
attributes to your sections.
So that is the data type attribute and
that will equal background because
we're using our JavaScript,
our JQuery to select that and data speed,
I want this to be four, okay.
And now we're gonna be adding a container
class with a child container,
or a child element of a row.
There you go.
Little few things here, and,
we'll close that one up with a comment.
Perfect.
Inside here we're gonna put a col-sm-6,
and we're gonna offset that one by 3.
Now you're probably wondering,
how does that all work,
how do you make sure something's
centered when you're having an offset?
Sorry, col-sm-offset-3.
There we go.
So because I'm using a six,
I'm gonna have six columns, and
I want it to be in the center,
and if I want it to look like it's in
the center, I need to offset it by three.
That's because,
if you were to have another, so,
say you have three columns on the left,
six in the middle, and
then three on the right, you'd need
to have three, six, and then three.
But because I'm centering this and
I'm not having any content,
I don't need to have empty columns
on the left and the right.
I just gonna need to offset the six
column by three on the left side.
So it kinda has the illusion
that we are in the center.
Technically we're in the center so
maybe it's not an illusion,
it's a total reality.
But if you want it to be centered, so
let's say if you wanted four to be
centered, you need say col-sm-4,
and then col-sm-offset-4.
What if you wanted 8 to be centered?
Well, you need col-sm-8, col-sm-offset-2.
Get the drift?
Hopefully that makes sense.
All right, in here, level two heading,
are you ready to take your
coding skills to
the strong tag next level?
And then we're gonna add a paragraph here,
and
in that paragraph we're gonna have a href.
Not gonna go anywhere right now.
Class BTN, BTN large or LG,
BTN block because they want to span
the full width of the parent element.
Make it a block level element.
BTN success to make it green and
then in side that A tag, yes, sign me up.
Alright, save it.
Let's check it out,
see what it looks, and then we'll do some
styling because we're gonna need it.
There you go.
You ready,
take your coding skills to the next level.
Looks pretty boring hey, compared to this.
So let's make it look like this.
This is way more exciting.
Jump into that code editor again.
Go to your CSS right
under your testimonials.
You're gonna add or select the sign up,
id, text align everything center.
Background URL,
image hipster-stuff.jpg,
that's the image that I called it.
Center, center, repeat fixed.
All right, and
then we'll do background size, cover.
We wanna cover it, so
that if we extend it to any size,
that background image will
stretch to fit it proportionally.
Color white, the text, we want it to
be white cuz it's a darker background.
We need to be able to see that text.
Padding: 140 pixels on the top and
the bottom is zero, just to space it out.
All right, there's a level two heading in
there so we're gonna select that as well.
Sign up H2, and we're gonna font
wait normal because currently
the default is bold and
we actually want it to be not bold.
And then now we also need to select that
strong tag with in the level two heading.
And we're gonna give it border,
bottom, and solid two pixels,
believe the salmon color is DD5638,
save that.
One more thing, sign up and a button.
We're gonna give it the font size of 24
pixels to make it a more acceptable size.
Let's check it out.
All right, kind of there,
we kinda have a little issue here.
It looks like something happened where our
text went to Times New Roman or something.
It's probably because we have a bug and
I typed something wrong here.
Font family normal, that's right.
So that needs to be font weight,
that's what it was.
Type that out correctly.
All right, now it will be good.
There it is.
It looks good and
we should have our parallax background.
You can see if you scroll,
the background moves at a different
speed than the foreground and
it gives this really cool illusion that
there are multiple layers to our website.
That is super cool.
And there's a button, and
I believe there's one more thing.
The button, technically,
we have a different color.
The success button.
We need to change that green color to
the color that matches the brand of
this website.
So all we need to do,
head back to your CSS and scroll up to
your global section where you've been
styling your Buttons right here.
So under button danger,
let's add a few more things here.
So btn-success,
we wanna style that in the background and
we want it to be a separate green color
than the default Bootstrap color.
And border none.
Under that, button success and
pseudo-class hover, so
when we hover over that button
background we want that to be
a little bit different of a green, so
6a9b3d.
And the border color will be the same.
We just need to select border color.
There we go, save that and
let's check it out.
So now our Success button looks better,
and I even saw one up here,
our Subscribe button looks good.
Now there's one thing I see here.
Do you see when I click on this button,
this blue outline appears.
That's a Bootstrap default style,
and I don't actually want that.
It happens on, I believe,
this is an actual button.
So the button HTML.
I don't want that outline on those,
so let's go back to our CSS.
So to remedy that outline,
all you need to do,
let's just put it here under our button
class and go bbutton pseudoclass focus.
And then if you say outline none,
that should resolve that issue.
Let's just see.
No it didn't.
It's probably because it
wasn't specific enough.
So, let's go button.btn:focus.
So let's try it.
And no dice.
So basically it's not specific enough to
override the default Bootstrap style so
there's a couple things you can do.
You can just make this even more
specific and say button and
then button success, that might do it.
Yeah it did it but then that kind of
leaves us with the issue that it might
when we add new buttons if
we added another button
it might not work because it
needs to be the success button.
So you can add extra classes here or
this is where you might want to use
the important, right here.
And that will just override any style
that's trying to compete with it, and so
that should work as well.
There we go.
Perfect.
So, there we go.
We have our button there, and
I think everything else is sorted out.
We have our section at the bottom,
and our nice big button, looks good.
And hang in there, the next lecture
will be the last one for this section.
We're basically done the homepage,
we're just gonna do a couple things to fix
the responsive layout here
using some media queries.
Because as you can see there are a few
things that we could sort out.
Everything looks pretty good already.
But there are a few little
things as you can see.
You can't read the text.
These are kinda clumped together.
And there are a few things that we will
fix in our responsive media queries,
in the next lecture.
So I will see you there.
[MUSIC]